docs: catalog changes for manifest man page (#1486)
flox/flox: cli/flox/doc-catalog/manifest.toml.md

`stdout` for "in-place" activations.

```toml
[hook]
on-activate = """
    # Interact with the tty as you would in any script
    echo "Starting up $FLOX_ENV_DESCRIPTION environment ..."
    read -e -p "Favourite colour or favorite color? " value

    # Set variables, create files and directories
    venv_dir="$(mktemp -d)"
    export venv_dir

    # Perform initialization steps, e.g. create a python venv
    python -m venv "$venv_dir"

    # Invoke apps that configure the environment via stdout
    eval "$(ssh-agent)"
"""
```

The `on-activate` script is not re-run when activations are nested.
A nested activation can occur when an environment is already active and either
`eval "$(flox activate)"` or `flox activate -- CMD` is run.
In this scenario, `on-activate` is not re-run.
Currently, environment variables set by the first run of the `on-activate`
script are captured and then later set by the nested activation,
but this behavior may change.

It is best to write hooks defensively, assuming the user is using the
environment from any directory on their machine.

### `script` - DEPRECATED
This field was deprecated in favor of the `profile` section.

> It will be removed in a later release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `hook.script` field will be removed in a later release.
```
I know this is copy-paste but there's a bit of ambiguity in how it was originally written.

Author: I added that wording to `doc/manifest.toml.md`. I completely dropped this sentence from the catalog version because we don't support `hook.script` at all with the catalog code

    A pkg-path that contains more than one attribute can be represented as
    either a single string that contains a '.'-delimited sequence of the
    attributes,
    or it can be represented as a TOML array of strings where each string is
    an attribute.
    For example, both `"python310Packages.pip"`
    and `["python310Packages", "pip"]` are equivalent for the `pkg-path`
    option.

    This option is mutually exclusive with `abs-path`.

`priority`
:   A priority used to resolve file conflicts where lower values indicate
    higher priority.

    Each package internally has `/bin`, `/man`, `/include`,
    and other directories for the files they provide.
    These directories from all packages in the
    environment are merged when building the environment.
    Two packages that provide the same `/bin/foo` file cause a conflict,
    and it's ambiguous which file should ultimately be placed into the
    environment.
    Such conflicts can be resolved by assigning different priorities
    to the conflicting packages.

    The default priority is 5.
    Packages with a lower `priority` value will take precedence over packages
    with higher `priority` values.

## `[vars]`

> The `[vars]` section allows you to define environment variables for your

Reviewer 2: xzibit called :D

Reviewer 2: (i'm not saying we should change this haha)

`stdout` for "in-place" activations.

```toml
[hook]
on-activate = """
    # Interact with the tty as you would in any script
    echo "Starting up $FLOX_ENV_DESCRIPTION environment ..."
    read -e -p "Favourite colour or favorite color? " value

    # Set variables, create files and directories
    venv_dir="$(mktemp -d)"
    export venv_dir

    # Perform initialization steps, e.g. create a python venv
    python -m venv "$venv_dir"

    # Invoke apps that configure the environment via stdout
    eval "$(ssh-agent)"
"""
```

The `on-activate` script is not re-run when activations are nested.
A nested activation can occur when an environment is already active and either
`eval "$(flox activate)"` or `flox activate -- CMD` is run.
In this scenario, `on-activate` is not re-run.
Currently, environment variables set by the first run of the `on-activate`
script are captured and then later set by the nested activation,
but this behavior may change.

It is best to write hooks defensively, assuming the user is using the
environment from any directory on their machine.

### `script` - DEPRECATED
This field was deprecated in favor of the `profile` section.

> It will be removed in a later release.

Reviewer 2: nb: migrated to profile.common, more specifically

Reviewer: Not exactly. Yes you would copy and paste `hook.script` into `profile.common`, but we deprecated `hook.script` in favor of a feature that has additional...features.

inherit environment variables set in the `[vars]` section and by the `[hook]`
scripts.
The `profile.common` script is sourced for every shell,
and special care should be taken to ensure compatibility with all shells.
The `profile.<shell>` scripts are then sourced *after* `profile.common` by the
corresponding shell.

These scripts are useful for performing shell-specific customizations such as
setting aliases or configuring the prompt.

```toml
[profile]
common = """
    echo "it's gettin' flox in here"
"""
bash = """
    source $venv_dir/bin/activate
    alias foo="echo bar"
    set -o vi
"""
zsh = """
    source $venv_dir/bin/activate
    alias foo="echo bar"
    bindkey -v
"""
```

Profile scripts are re-run for nested activations.
A nested activation can occur when an environment is already active and either
`eval "$(flox activate)"` or `flox activate -- CMD` is run.
In this scenario, profile scripts are run a second time.
Re-running profile scripts allows aliases to be set in subshells that inherit
from a parent shell with an already active environment.

## `[options]`

The `[options]` section of the manifest details settings for the environment
itself.

> The most common option to set is `systems`,

Reviewer 2: this will no longer be mostly common for users once the catalog service is out as we will render/eval the popular system types automatically. I would expect if someone installs something that fails for a specific system their corrective action should be nudged towards making the package system-specific verses the environment
